In this course, I'll be covering the Spring Batch framework.
The framework was first officially released by Spring in 2008,
though the framework predates this release as it was a contribution
given to the community by its original developer.
Batch is built on top of the core Spring feature of dependency injection.
It also is integrated with Spring Boot,
allowing you to quickly ramp up a Spring Batch job as
we're going to see in this course.
The current version of Spring Batch is 4.
0, which was released just prior to the creation of this course.
As part of this version,
upgrades were made to many of the Spring Batch dependencies.
Also, Spring Batch is now fully annotation driven,
requiring no XML configuration as was used in previous versions.
Spring Batch has been one of the most popular choices for
batch implementations for several reasons.
As I noted, Batch is built on top of the Spring Framework.
Spring is currently one of the most popular and mature
choices for building server-side applications,
including batch systems.
Through dependency injection,
you can easily manage the inevitable dependencies needed for batch processing.
You also receive the benefits of Spring support for configuration,
including externalized configuration of jobs.
Spring Batch is Java-based supporting JDK 8.
By leveraging Java,
you can take advantage of one of the most popular
languages for developing applications.
You aren't required to learn a custom language for developing a batch job,
which may not be as mature or feature rich.
Spring Batch is open source.
This is an obvious advantage for maintaining your batch system over
proprietary batch systems that require expensive support contracts.
As an open-source product, you also get the support of the technical community,
including the original developers of Spring Batch who
continue to actively support the framework.
Finally,
Spring Batch has extensive support for the common features of batch processing.
Spring Batch supports an extensive batch job support system
that allows you to view the status of jobs,
as well as interact with them such as starting or stopping them.
The framework also makes use of execution contexts to support features
such as running a job with different parameters or rerunning a job based
on a point in the history of a job execution.
Spring Batch includes support for various formats of
reading and writing data such as file readers and writers
and database readers and writers.
Finally, the framework supports various strategies such as chunking data,
processing in parallel, merges, sorts, and splits.
Now let's cover some basic terminology that's going
to be used throughout the course.
At the heart of Spring Batch is the job.
A job is simply the template for how batch processing is going to be performed.
Jobs have instances, executions, context,
and parameters, all of which are going to be highlighted in this course.
A job has one or more steps.
These steps define a phase of processing.
This could be just simply reading the input of a file or something more
complex such at transforming data between domains.
Similar to a job, steps have instances, executions,
context, and parameters, each of which we are going to cover.
Steps generally start with an input, which is represented by a reader.
An example would be a reader that defines how each line of a
file will be read into a batch program.
After data is read, the step then needs to process the data.
This usually means some type of business rules are
applied or a transformation is performed.
After the processing of data is complete,
the last part of the step is to write the data to a location such as a database. Now let's just discuss what you can expect to learn from this course.